October 2020
Iran
Based on information shared by industry peers, we identified a network of primarily compromised accounts on Twitter operating from Iran, which artificially amplified conversations on politically sensitive topics, including Black Lives Matter (BLM), the murder of George Floyd, and other issues of racial and social justice in the United States. 
In cases where we identify that an account has been compromised for the purposes of engaging in violative behavior, we aim to restore the account to the original account holder. We were able to do so successfully in most cases here. In all, we suspended a total of 104 accounts connected with this campaign. 
To protect the privacy of people whose accounts were used without permission for this campaign, we are hashing all user-identifiable information connected with this set across all the data we are releasing.

Russia 
We communicated proactively about this set of five accounts at the beginning of September 2020. Today, we’re adding them to the archive. 
Working collaboratively with industry peers and the FBI, we were made aware of a number of accounts that had potential links to a fake news agency called PeaceData. They were immediately removed from the service and we’ve marked all links to the site as unsafe across the service. 


June 2020
Russia 
Aided in part by useful information sharing from external researchers and our peer companies, we investigated accounts associated with Current Policy, a media website engaging in state-backed political propaganda within Russia. A network of accounts related to this media operation was suspended for violations of our platform manipulation policy, specifically cross-posting and amplifying content in an inauthentic, coordinated manner for political ends. Activities included promoting the United Russia party and attacking political dissidents. We’re disclosing all 1,152 accounts and associated media to our public archive today. 


June 2019
Iran (4,779 accounts)
The below account sets all originated in Iran, and we believe all are associated with — or directly backed by — the Iranian government. However, the signals and behaviors of each set were individually different. We’ve broken them down accordingly:
Set one (1,666 accounts): We removed more than 1,600 accounts originating in Iran. Cumulatively, these accounts Tweeted nearly 2 million times. They Tweeted global news content, often with an angle that benefited the diplomatic and geostrategic views of the Iranian state. Platform manipulation is a violation of the Twitter Rules.
Set two (248 accounts): In addition to the 1,600 accounts listed above, we took action on a second set of more than 200 accounts originating in Iran which were more directly engaged with discussions related to Israel specifically.
Set three (2,865 accounts): Recently, we discussed an action to remove more than 2,800 accounts originating in Iran. These accounts employed a range of false personas to target conversations about political and social issues in Iran and globally.

Russia (4 accounts)
As part of our ongoing investigations into activity connected with the Russian Internet Research Agency (IRA), we removed four accounts which we believe are associated with the IRA. These removals are the result of increased information sharing between industry peers and law enforcement. For more on our removal of IRA-specific accounts around the 2016 US Presidential Election, see here.


January 2019
Iran
In August 2018, we were notified by an industry peer about possible malicious activity on their service about an attempted influence campaign we identified as potentially located within Iran. After receiving information from them, we began an investigation on our service to build our understanding of these networks. As soon as we discovered malicious activity, we immediately notified law enforcement and updated the public.
Since that time, through ongoing data science analysis, we have identified and suspended 2,617 additional malicious accounts that we believe may have origins in Iran. Twitter has been in close contact with our industry peers on this matter and shared detailed information with them about the malicious accounts. This multilateral process of information-sharing will continue, enabling us and our industry peers to work together to better understand and identify malicious activity.

Russia
In September 2018, Jack Dorsey testified on Capitol Hill on recent activities affiliated with the Russian Internet Research Agency (IRA), disclosing that Twitter had suspended a total of 3,841 accounts. Through ongoing analyses and investigations, we continue to build on our contextual understanding of these networks of accounts to improve our ability to find and suspend this activity as quickly as possible in the future. This is particularly vital as groups such as the IRA evolve their practices in response to industry-wide suspension efforts.
Our ongoing efforts have uncovered an additional 418 accounts. We cannot render definitive attribution to the IRA for these accounts, although most appear to originate in Russia, and much of the behavior mimics the activity of prior accounts tied to the IRA. We encourage researchers and other experts to study them and to contribute to general public awareness of these activities online.


